Dealing with Song Qiuci
He is very powerful now.
There are many who follow him.
Others are stupid, I'm not stupid
If there is no conspiracy behind him
You can't even shoot me
Although I must have trampled him under my feet
But not now.
Wow, what do you want?
Shen Qing
I'm afraid there are more secrets behind you than Song Qiuxi
Nonsense
I am very simple and transparent
Sex women love to fight
If you don't want to deal with Song Qiuci
How could Yan Fang and Han Lili
Join the inspectorate?
What boss?
Tan Lili and R & D betrayed us
Uh, these two women, I'm going to fuck them
Hey
Aren't the two of them from a poor family?
I can't stop you if you want to go, right?
Han Lili, I dare not say
But I know Yan Fang very well
He would never have abandoned 316 for 3,000 yuan
Tell me, did you let them go?
Say it somewhere else
Shen Qingyan, do you think
All the organizations in the SM campus
Solid is a cancer.
Huh, isn't it?
If you don't join an organization in this park, you will be expelled
On my first day here, I was being blackmailed.
That's a good point.
But a little over a year ago
This is the true dark place
Managers were kicked out
Girls give up on themselves
Receive a subsidy of dozens of dollars every month
Then eat and wait to die
Fallen Chaos
Indulgence because this park is full of girls
So there are countless forces eyeing this
They used every means to rape in flames
The world of rape and violence is endless
There are a lot of girls
All jumped off this rooftop
Well, one time.
I almost jumped from here too